friends against uefa or young derby
lions with which they increasingly identify
bari and foggia
the stars of Puglia so many definitions
on the day when the party and is a
sin is upset by a Tuscan
spiteful the referee niches
no breaks it starts off great
career the bari tries to scare
immediately the guests who propose themselves with
bresciani stopped by manighetti the
judge latita football and play from
it shows clever tablecloths that it reports
suddenly bianchini on earth in
forum is big party
the mayor memola proves to be a doc fan
it usually shapes but weighs very little
in attack while on the other side the
bari when he can use the club again
ideas that only give some illusion and
then at the St. Nicholas party with tiracci
that arrive from all sides on
unfortunate left-handed and when it's time to
rest here is that from outside the province of
biagio finds coordination and anger for
equalize recovers on the wings
of the Rossoneri enthusiasm than of adults
chills at the south curve
but here is that nicchi becomes the protagonist
grants a penalty warns then expels
padalino capitan de vincenzo is
amazed the padalino that I was there and
there were my other mates nearby and
nothing happened not
he did not lack respect, he was not
let out no word
believe that I like to see people
educated today I have not seen this is
it really bothers me
left-handed for the rigor of gautieri we are
at the third cue and the bari takes advantage
immediately of superiority
numerical
and it is right in the center that the shape
accuses the goals of empty goals
amoruso
a terrible percussion at that point
appears to be discounted mandelli try to
make the draw with the hand then
leaves Brescia and the 35th the style
stay in 9 and there in the inviting spaces yes
throws the cheat that can't find the third goal
just by chance
we hear mats that I don't think
the referee the air conditioning of nothing
indeed at times until the fifty-first
in the second half and had had a kick
of punishment up to our area up
end of the game
we did the goal them no though
it means that the attached sheet is large
game